Yesterday I wrote about finding vistas along the path, places to look out a long way, see where you have been and where you are going. Then last night I reached one of those vistas. 

I was watching The White Lotus, a series about guests at a luxury hotel. It isn't the kind of series that would seem like it was made for me, but it is. The characters all feel like people you've known, people you've been. Sometimes a character can feel very familiar, almost like they were plucked out of your life. It can even be uncomfortable to sit with. 

It might be a side effect of getting older but I can see myself in characters from stories all too often, and the emotions that it brings up are difficult to carry alone. I have mostly stopped turning to movies and shows for entertainment. But I also know that sometimes the experience can be good, that it leaves me feeling happy for taking the journey. This is why I decided to watch the second season of The White Lotus, and I watched a few episodes back to back.

There was a moment during the second episode where I wasn't sure I was going to keep watching. Each of the characters had been rolled out and introduced, and during the crescendo of the episode their humanity in all its insecurity and brokenness reached a high pitch. Acts of betrayal, self gratification, condescension, inability to love. I felt physically ill, and I moved to turn it off a couple times but something kept me watching. 

The story unraveled their characters even more: acts of kindness, courage, trust, honest self reflection. I reached a moment that felt new and unfamiliar, something clicked. In each of the people on the screen I could still see myself, still see people I have known. But now I felt something new, it is hard to describe it. 

There is a funny moment in each embrace, it comes before you actually touch, the moment you mutually decide to hug each other. My caveman understanding of this moment is that people are inclined to be a lot physically closer than we are, but something keeps us apart, something related to our social understanding and expectations. But we also recognize the goodness of an embrace and we very sensibly make moments for them. It usually happens without any verbal communication, one person moves to embrace and the other responds. 

That impulse, to move to embrace, where does it come from? I'm not sure, all I know is that it used to be stronger in me, and it brought warmth to my life.

As I watched the characters on the screen in all their humanity, I felt that impulse in a new way, for each one. It seems like that is what clicked, deep down, like a switch in a 16-bit dungeon. I wished to give each one a hug. A hug that I needed to receive as badly as I needed to give. 

I felt a difference in me that is hard to put into words, but I'll try. I think the character that moved me the most was Leo. I could see myself in him. He is free spirited and he has a hard time staying on a good path. He is willing to let himself be used by others in a way that doesn't bring feelings of self-worth. There is more to watch, but I could see from where I was at that he is beautiful, and flawed. And I recognized him as someone I could love, that is what changed.

This same pattern played out inside me with each character, I recognized someone I could love. The father whose selfishness broke his family apart, the son whose single mission is to be nothing like his father at the cost of his own masculinity, the sexually unexpressed tech bro who handles the dunks from friends by bottling the resentment, the assistant who spends all her energy on people who don't see her value. This recognition grew beyond just the characters on the screen but to real people in my life, faces from when I was very young, even my own face. I could see us all in a new way, a way that I could love, a way that anyone could love.

Once this idea took flame it burned steady. I had the sense that it is a light I can take with me, a place that I can find again, and that brings hope. 
