Lately I've been trying something to help with the anxious feelings that sometimes come up. I imagine myself on the side of a cliff, on a ledge, no clear way up our down, but a really pretty view. My first thought is to maybe imagine myself somewhere less risky, like the ground, lest this not actually help with the anxiety. But a part of me understands that I do not want to be on the ground, and that thought is enough to bring some hope to a difficult moment.

I've faced a lot of worry and sadness over the last few days. I've worried that someone reading this might think I am just torturing myself. Usually, it doesn't feel like this, but it has been worse for a few days. It did get harder when I decided to ban coffee, I've been trying to remind myself that is probably the lion's share of it. 

I've been unhappy with the crawler's ability to associate related news articles. It has come a long way, and there still seems a long way to go. It associates related articles about an issue or event, published around the same time into bundles, I call these chapters. They are the news stories of the day. They are what we are really looking for when we check the news.

The crawler fetches an embedding generated by an LLM based on the text of each article, these are stored in a vector database. I run a similarity search against all the other articles to find related articles. This does a decent job of catching related articles, but with a certain amount of noise too. I find related chapters and then ask an LLM if the headline fits with the name of the chapter, which is generated based on the content of the initial headlines. 

This does a good job of finding, *yesterday's* stories. Part of the issue is that I can only fetch embeddings for a small subset of the articles I find in news feeds, only the top 10% of articles get analyzed. I'm looking for ways to increase the bandwidth and reduce the noise. If I can reliably pick out the day's stories, it will be much more valuable as a news app.


