I started making this app, started in software development more generally speaking, because I wanted to prove it is possible to work independently. I enjoy working with others, but I tend to have a very different sense of direction. After living the first part of my life trying to follow the direction according to others, I decided I didn't want to live my whole life and never find out if my own sense of direction is true. I took this intention to a radical level by working for myself for so long. 

Part of why I am dealing with self doubt these days is that I have the sense that I'm losing the benefit of the doubt, maybe from other people, maybe just from myself. Idealism is a better look for a young man. 

My problem is that I don't really have a clear path otherwise. I still feel called by the same voice, as strongly and as clearly as ever. I'm not an explorer lost in a desolate wilderness, I come across beautiful meadows and spooky caves that call out. Sometimes the road climbs a hill and I can briefly gaze out across the first in which I've been traveling and see land marks, see progress. 

I'm just very alone, people are not meant to be this alone. It takes the shine off of my understanding of independence. Alone can be better than some worse alternatives, but it is not where I wish to stay. There is something about being around other minds that keeps the mind fresh.

I get along with just about everyone I hang out with, the problem is that is a very short list. I've always accepted that my own habits were the biggest reason why I am often alone, I'm just not sure which habit. It always takes my brain a day or two to remember how to be a social person, and a day or two is usually not soon enough to make a difference. 

I've heard that I'm not the only one facing a situation like this, it seems a little too common. That's something I'm always thinking about, if I found a reliable way out I'd be sure to share it. I've wondered if that can be the best way I can give back.

I would like to give back somehow. Life has been strange and beautiful. I had opportunities, I wonder whether I've made the most of them. The jury is still out, but some days they seem to be whispering unfavorably. 
